The company's recent orders are getting less and less.
Even the orders that were negotiated for cooperation have been cancelled one after another.
As long as this goes on
Our Bai family is really about to end
Don't worry.
I heard that Mr. Si is hospitalized in Jinkang Hospital
A lot of people with status and status went to see it
This is a great opportunity.
Pardon me?
Mr. Si is hospitalized
Yeah take a chance
What we have seen
Ah, and a big shot like the dead old man
Can he see you? How can you know if you don't try?
Fine, hell with me.
I'm going to visit the dead old man today
Why hasn't Chun come yet?
Master Grey is waiting for the police at the entrance of the hospital
This stinky boy knows he's waiting for someone, haha.
Maybe Miss Ouyang saved you
Therefore, the young master thinks very much of him
I see.
Immediately has a special relationship with that little girl
This little girl is nice
People are kind.
If the aunt really doesn't want to leave home, the girl
This little girl is also very nice
Hahaha, it's far away.
Mr. Cheng from the City Group?
Did you bring your daughter to see you?
And
Mrs. Bai Zonghe of the Bai Group is waiting outside
Hey, why don't you go in first?
Ok, let me help.
Except for Ah Chen and the little girl today
I don't owe you anything.
Are you going to go before me and go to him?
Just say you're still resting.
Come on, dean, get out of the way
Get out of the way of Chen and the little girl
Sure, okay?